Last time on
Make It Pop.
"Masked Girl Sells
Out Roller Rink?"
Caleb, wanna go to
the dance with me??
Corki: I'm starting to
realize high school is a
lot more complicated than
I thought it was.
(alarm)
Boys to the left,
girls to the right.
Now!!!
Ahem.
It seems that the air
conditioning system upstairs
has malfunctioned
and sprung a leak.
Who's responsible for this!?
The entire boys' floor
has now been declared
a toxic environment.
You may have
noticed the stench.
Is it different from
the usual smell of boy
This is more chemical,
less monkey house.
Make way.
Coming through.
Stand aside.
Sacrifices will
have to be made
until the upstairs
is safe again.
So, in my
infinite wisdom,
all girls on the
right side of the hall
will move into the girls' room
directly opposite their room.
I'll show those teacher
evaluations who
lacks problem
solving skills.
No way.
Yes way.
And, boys, you will occupy
the empty girls' room
on the right
side of the hall.
Boys in our room?
My father won't
like this.
You will also be
sharing the showers.
which will be allocated
to boys and girls
at very specific
and separate times.
I probably shouldn't
have paused
so long after the first
part of that sentence.
Anywho, here's
your hall monitor.
Nobody worry.
The hero of
the hall is here.
Ladies, you have ten
minutes to move out of your
old rooms and into
your new ones.
Bring only
the necessities.
Okay okay, we
can move.
Hi Jared.
Hi Corki.
I like your outfit.
Do you like my sash
and tool belt?
Too much?
No no,
they're perfect.
I know.
One always needs
a measuring tape,
a flashlight,
and a whisk.
Great for merengue.
Light and fluffy.
(whistle blows)
Yes this is an
emergency, but remember,
there is nothing to fear.
Stand aside,
coming through,
Sun Hi: Except
living with,
Her!
This is gonna be
a long night.
* Make it pop, woo, woo
* I can't wait, no I can't wait
no, I can't wait, no *
* I can't wait
* So make it pop, we're bout to,
we're bout to blow *
* Wait till we drop, oh
yeah, we're ready to go *
* Ain't gonna stop, when is
it time for the show *
* We make it, you make
it, they make it *
* M-m-m-m-m-m-
Make it pop *
Hi, Sun Hi!
How are you?
Fine, Val.
Thanks for your
gracious hospitality.
Don't look her in
the eye, Corki.
It's how she
takes your soul.
Um, what is that?
A dressmaker's dummy.
There's no
room for that!
I'm already taking
in three of you.
This is going
to be so fun.
Look, I know we've had
our issues in the past,
but this is my room and there
are rules to the Val Pod that
must be followed if we are
to survive this emergency.
Val Pod?
It's all Val,
all the time.
Where's the other Valette?
Luge finals.
Heather won't be
back 'til Friday.
So there's your bed.
I'll take the couch!
Now, the rules.
Number one, all clothes
must be put away.
Two, there's no
studying after 10 PM.
I need my sleep.
Good for the complexion.
Three, never, ever touch someone
else's custom skin lotion,
It is very expensive.
Wow, she talks a lot.
Valerie: Hello?
Hey!
I'm pretty sure there
is a rule against this to!
Ugh where is it?
What are you
looking for?
I think I left my cell
phone in our room.
You think
or you did?
I'll be right back.
Rule number twelve, never
lock me out of my own room!
Come on!
The Val Pod!!
This might
actually be fun.
(whistle)
Halt.
Who goes there?
Halt?
It sounds more
official than whoa!
You need to go
back to your room.
No girls allowed.
Really?
Did I not just say,
no girls allowed?
Sorry, didn't
hear that.
Come on.
No can do.
If I let you go,
someone else will ask,
then another, and then
do you know what we have?
A lot of
happy people?
No! Anarchy.
No passing the line--
not until this crisis is over.
It's so furry...
Pink.
Soft.
Like the plush monster
yacked all over it.
Bluhh..
Comin through.
So what's this?
It's a loofah
for exfoliati--
I mean... I dunno.
Pft.
Hey guys,
Corki will be here soon.
She's just in the library
finishing her homework--
Caleb, do you
have my phone?
I left you like ten
messages to get it.
I only saw
Jodi's messages.
Those were
my messages!
Didn't you listen to them?!
No not yet.
I have to work up the nerve to
listen to messages from girls.
(laughing)
Get me my phone,
I need it!
Got it?!
So, you didn't call me?
Did you want me
to call you?
Hello, let's
do this thing!
And where
is, Corki?
* We love em boys
boys boys boys, yeah, yeah *
* They got a weakness
that they can't deny *
* Frontin' left and right
* Sweatin' all the time
* The boys are flexing
in the locker room *
* Howling at the moon
* Trying to make us swoon
* How can you blame us when
they're looking like that *
* Talkin' like that,
they're so messy like that *
* Girls, if you feel me
let me hear you say yeah *
* We can't pick one
we just like em all *
* We luv em
good boys, hey *
bad boys, ho *
* We love em prep boys, we
luv em rock boys yeah *
* We luv em smart
boys, hey *
* We luv em
jock boys, ho *
* So if you think like us,
throw your hands up *
* We love em boys
boys boys boys, yeah, yeah *
* Truth is they're
always gonna drive us mad *
* That is just a fact
* Still, we take
them back *
* But come to think of
it they're patient too *
* Cos' we bend the rules
* Doing what we do
* Like spending hours
locked up in the bathroom *
* With our friends
and that's true *
* Swapping lipstick
and rouge *
* Then we go check if
they update their page *
* Liking their status and
the pics, what can I say *
* We luv em good
boys, hey *
* We luv em
bad boys, ho *
* We love em prep boys, we luv
em rock boys yeah *
* We luv em smart
boys, hey *
* We luv em
jock boys, ho *
* So if you think like us,
throw your hands u-up *
* We love em boys boys
boys boys, yeah, yeah *
* You know you love us
* boys boys boys, yeah, yeah
* We love em boys
boys boys boys, yeah, yeah *
Jared: Hey!
Is she here?
Um who?
Masked Girl.
Seriously,
who is she?
Who is she?
Who am I?
Who are any of us?
Jared!
What are you
doing here?
Just looking for
Masked Girl.
She intrigues
me, you know?
But you've never
even seen her face.
I mean as far as
I know you haven't.
But you must
know her.
I mean, your roommates
are in a band with her.
Come to think of it, I don't
think I've ever seen you
and Masked Girl in the same
place at the same time.
Oh, well.
I'm hardly ever in the
same place as other people.
Very shy,
you know?
Uh, so shy.
I gotta go!
Stand aside,
coming through.
Ohmm.
What are you doing?
Textercizing.
I need to keep my thumbs fit
until I get my phone back.
Rule number sixty twooo, volume
is low, when I'm saying Ohmm.
He's gonna find out!
What part of "Ohm"
do you not understand?
Jared is going
to find out.
Find out what?
That I'm, you know...
Then just tell
him the truth.
But I'm not sure if I'm ready
for people to know yet.
Plus, I'm just me.
Masked Girl is
his perfect girl.
How am I supposed
to live up to that?
Hello!
Do you not understand
what quiet is?
Not really,
could you explain?
It is the
absence of sound.
No noise or movement,
that includes talking.
So, if we are to coexist,
you guys need to listen...
How does that
keep working?
Valerie: Really?
Again?
This is so childish.
Corki, if Jared likes Masked
Girl, then he likes you.
You're the same person.
Just like Cinderella,
except your shoe is a mask.
And your foot is a face.
That's a fairy tale.
This is real life.
And real life
is complicated.
Valerie, do you mind?
We're trying to have a
conversation in here.
It's Caleb.
I have something
for Sun Hi.
Wait, this isn't
my phone.
It's Dylan's, I
couldn't find yours.
I thought you'd be
okay with any phone.
Okay with any phone.
Who are you?!
So, it's still in our room.
And Jared is in our room.
And you have photos
of me with the mask?
Yes, why are you--
Ooooooooh,
that's not good.
Argh, this is
terrible.
Corki, Corki it's Jared.
Are you in there,
I need to see you.
Oh no.
Corki, open up please.
Can I help you?
It's you, isn't it?
It depends.
What are we
talking about?
I think I know, Corki.
Corki, close the door.
We're in here doing
facials and rehearsing.
Yes Corki, close
the door, girlfriend.
It's her.
Masked Girl!
* Hanging out with
my girlfriends *
* Doing things
that we wanna do *
She's so, big!
Masked Girl,
I need to talk to you!
My name is
Jared Anderson!
I'm a big fan!
We are connected.
Sorry, Jared.
Off limits,
remember?
And anyway, Masked Girl
doesn't like to be interrupted.
* Get the party started
Sounds like she
needs to practice.
Masked Girl, is it true you
climbed Mount Everest backwards?
I need to know!
Hopefully that
bought you some time.
We still gotta
get that phone.
I like this robe.
Ahem, I mean I
like this robe.
(bell rings)
Boys should wax.
Jared: Off limits.
What are you doing?
Jared -- I really need
to get into my room.
I left my phone
in there.
I told you--
no crossing the line.
Unless you want to tell
me about Masked Girl.
Then maybe we can
work something out.
Argh, curse you,
conscience.
In that case,
I can't help you either.
But, Jared, this is a very
special and meaningful phone.
It was the
phone that my--
great great
grandmother used to--
text her friends with.
When she was--
a little girl.
That's a very sad story.
So I can enter?
Not a chance.
Now go before
I report you.
Not on my watch.
Stop!
Sir.
No.
No talk,
no excuses.
Until this
situation is resolved,
boys are the Montagues,
Girls are the Capulets.
Look it up.
It's under "Shakespeare".
Don't speak... go.
Ugh. I had it.
It was in my hands.
What are
we gonna do?
Get creative.
Coming through,
stand aside.
Team: 1, 2, 3 -
1, 2, 3
Hold up.
Shower first.
Let's go.
Not necessary.
Didn't sweat much.
Hygiene is a MacKendrick
Prep trademark.
If we can't have the
best sports teams,
at least we can have
the sweetest smelling.
Now get in there, soap
up, and make us proud.
Ahhhhhhhh.
What am I
supposed to say?
It doesn't matter.
Just keep him at the end of the
hall so Sun Hi can sneak over
and get her phone.
Halt!
Who goes there?
It is I, Corki.
I mean, It's me.
Oh, hey, sorry.
I'm a little
on edge.
I know that when
we spoke before,
you thought I was
Masked Girl--
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry.
That was crazy.
It was?
Yeah, I mean I like you,
but Masked Girl?
She's this great performer
and you're shy.
You're pretty, really pretty,
but Masked Girl--
There's no explaining
that kind of chemistry.
Plus, you'd never lie.
You said you weren't her,
and I believe you.
Of course.
Her voice might take
some getting used to,
but no one's perfect.
I take it back,
almost no one.
Where is it?!
Um.
Looking for something?
I got it!
(cheering)
Anarchy, chaos, whatever,
ignorance is bliss.
Nooo. The wall!
Wooooo!
* What's up, there's
something in the air *
* It's that feeling when
the weekend comes *
* Say what you
doing way up there *
* I think that we could
have some fun *
* I know this place
that we could go *
* We're not invited
but who cares *
* We girls are
putting on a show *
* There's so much
happening out there *
* Out there
* Party People!
* Do whatever, ever, ever
Be whatever, ever, ever *
* Dance forever,
ever, ever, ever, ever, ever *
* So climb out your window,
cos' we're waiting for you *
* We're gonna party
tonight oh oh oh *
* We'll go crash a party,
call up everybody *
* We're gonna party
tonight oh oh oh *
* Forget what your head says,
we're young and we love it *
* We can do whatever
we like, oh oh oh *
* So climb out your window,
cos we're waiting for you *
* We're gonna party
tonight oh oh oh *
* We're gonna
party tonight *
* Hook all your friends
up with a text *
* We'll turn some speakers
up and dance *
* Break rules with Charli XCX
and throw stuff up on Instagram*
* Set fireworks
off in the parks *
* And watch them
lighting up the air *
* We'll crash out
underneath the stars *
* There's so much
happening out there *
* Out there
* Party people!
* So climb out your window,
cos we're waiting for you *
* We're gonna party
tonight oh oh oh *
* We'll go crash a party,
call up everybody *
* We're gonna party
tonight oh oh oh *
* Forget what your head says,
we're young and we love it *
* We can do whatever
we like oh oh oh *
* So climb out your window,
cos we're waiting for you *
* We're gonna party
tonight oh oh oh *
* Do whatever, ever, ever
Be whatever, ever, ever *
* Dance forever,
ever, ever, ever *
Hey, look who's
coming our way
Sorry about bringing
the wall down, Jared.
But I think we've all learned an
important lesson here today--
it's easier to just
give me what I want.
Why was this
in your room?
Um, there's a perfectly
good explanation for that.
Which I will tell you, as
soon as it pops into my head.
Yea, I got nuthin'.
It's okay, Jodi.
It's over, It's mine.
I'm Masked Girl.